Agentic Ai is a type of Ai that can take up a task or goal from a user and then work toward completing it on its own, with minimal human guidance.
It plans, takes action, adapts to changes, and seeks help only when necessary.

Agentic AI ->(Autonomus , goal Oriented , planning ,Reasoning , adaptability, context awareness)


Autonomy -> it's proactive ( execution , decision making, tool usage)

    Autonomy can be controlled -> permission Scope , human in the loop, override controls, Guardrails/ Policies

Goal Oriented ->(goals acts as a compass for autonomy , goals can come with constraints, Goals are stored in core memory)


Planning-> is the agent's ability to break down a high-level goal into a structured sequence of actions or subgoals and decide the best path to achieve the desired outcome.

    Step 1-> Generating multiple candidate plan
    Step2 ->Evaluate each plan(efficiency , Tool Availablity ,cost , risk, alignment)
    step3-> Select the best plan

Reasoning->is the cognitive process through which an Agentic ai system interprets information, draws conclusions, and makes decision , both while planning ahead and while Excecuting action in real time.

    Reasoning During Planning->(Goal Decomposition,tool selection, Resource Estimation)

    Reasoning During execution( decision-making, Human in the loop handling , Error handling)


Adaptability -> is the agent's ability to modify its plans, strategies , or actions in Response to unexpected conditions ,all while staying  aligned with the goal.
    1. Failures
    2. External Feedback(environmrent (on which area the agentic ai is working eg: Agentic Ai for chess ,so the envirnoment of that Agentic ai is chess))
    3. Changing Goals

Context awareness-> is the agent's ability to understand, retain, and utilize relevant information from the onging task , past interactions , user preferences , and envirnoment cues to make better decisions throughout a multi-step process.

    A.type of context
    1. the original goal
    2. Process till now + interaction history
    3. envirnoment state 
    4. tool Responses
    5. User specific preferences
    6. Policy or Guardrails

    B. Context awareness is implemented through memory
    c. Short term memory
    d. Long Term memory


Components( Brain , Orchestrator, Tools , Memory , Supervisor)

    Brain(LLM)-> Goal interpretation, Planning , Reasoning, Tool selection , Communication

    Orchestrator(manager(Executer(if else)))-> Task sequence, conditional Routing, Retry Logic, Looping and iteration, delegation

    Tools-> External Actions, Knowledge Base Access

    Memory-> Short-Term Memory, Long-term memory, State Tracking

    Supervisor-> Approval Request, Guardrails Enforcement, Edge Case Escalation


LangGraph -> is an Orchestrator framework for building intelligent, stateful, and mulit step llm workflow

features-> Parallelism, loops, branching, memory, and Resumability

Graph of nodes(task) , and Edge(Routing)

What is LLM Workflows ->Step by step Process using which we can build complex LLM Applications

Common Workflows -> Prompt Chaining ,Routing , Parallelization , Orchestrator Worker , Evaluator Optimizer 

Graph, Nodes ,And Edge

State -> In LangGraph, state is the shared memory that flows  through your workflows - it holds all the data being passed between nodes as your Graph runs
    accesible -> nodes
    mutable at each node


Reducers -> Reducers in LangGraph define how updates from nodes are applied to the shared state 
    Each key in the state can have its own reducer, which determines whether new data replaces, merges ,or adds ,to the existing value.

LangGraph execution Model( enspire by Google prgel)
 Graph Definition , Compilation, Invocation , Super-steps Begin, Message Passing and Node Activation, Halting Condition